.TH ipterm 1 "February 18, 2018"

ibterm help info -

Summary:
An interactive terminal program for sending commands to a device over an 
IEEE488 general purpose instrument bus and printing the responses.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-d <device primary address (pad)>                (required, no default)
.TP
.B \-m <minor>                                       (optional, default=0)
.TP
.B \-s <secondary address of device (sad)>           (optional, default=0)
.TP
.B \-i <assert EIO with last byte sent (eoi) flag>   (optional, default=1)
.TP
.B \-e <ASCII code of end of string (eos) character> (optional, default=0)
.TP
.B \-r <terminate read on eos character (reos) flag> (optional, default=0)
.TP
.B \-b <binary eos character match mode (bin)  flag> (optional, default=0)
.TP
.B \-x <assert EOI when tranmitting eos (xeos) flag> (optional, default=0)
.TP
.B \-t <timeout>       (optional, default=10 i.e. 300milliseconds)
.TP
.B \-p <prompt string> (optional, default="ibterm>")
.TP
.B \-f <history file>  (optional, default=".ibterm_hist_<pad>")
.TP
.B \-N No automatic read on device, enter return at prompt to read.
.TP
.B \-X forces hexadecimal output.
.TP
.B \-h prints this help info and exits.

Operation:
  loop:
    Prompt on stdout
    Read a line of text from stdin
    Write the text (if any) to the device at pad
    If -N is not set, or no text was entered
        Attempt to read response from the device
        If no response is received before timeout go to loop
        else print the response on stdout
    Go back to loop.

Notes:
  To quit the programme enter the EOF character (Ctrl-d) at the prompt.
  For interactivity, timeout should not be greater than 13 i.e. 10 secs.
  The timeout values are documented under the ibtmo() entry of the 
  section Linux-GPIB Reference: http://linux-gpib.sourceforge.net/doc_html
  A device read can always be triggered by hitting <Enter> at the prompt.
  Interrupting the programme while reading from the device may cause hangs.

Also:
  See the readline(3) manpage for editing input and searching history.

Usage:
  /usr/bin/ibterm -d pad \
         [-m minor] [-s sad] [-i eoi] [-e eos] [-r reos] [-b bin] [-x xeos] \
         [-t timeout] [-p prompt] [-f history_file] [-N] [-X]
